(Usagi) Dearest Mamo. Ami has a
friend who's a huge fan of
Taiki. Her name's Misa.
Unfortunately, she's suffering
from a really serious illness.
I took Taiki to visit Misa at
the hospital, but he seems to
have his own problems.
Oh Mamo, what should I do?
[cheering]
♪♪ Search for your love.
Search for your love. ♪♪
[cheering]
♪♪ You'd always shine so bright.
Just like a little star. ♪♪
♪♪ I felt my heart ignite, every
time you'd smile. ♪♪
Can you hear us out there,
Princess? Is our message
reaching you?
♪♪ Like an eternal starlight. ♪♪
♪♪ I wasn't strong enough to be
your shining star. ♪♪
♪♪ And when the days were tough,
I hid myself from the world. ♪♪
♪♪ You'll always be my
sweetheart. Search for your
love. ♪♪
♪♪ I call up to the heavens.
Search for your love. ♪♪
(Mother) Why don't you take a
short break Honey?
(Misa) Kay.
(Mother) Here.
Thanks.
♪♪ Your scent remains, oh still
it lingers. ♪♪
Come in.
Hello, Misa. How are you?
Oh! Ami! You're back again!
Welcome, Ami
Oh, wow. You're watching them
today, as well?
[chuckles]
(Usagi) "Taiki's Song Filled
with Passion and Faith."
(Rei) Is Misa's illness really
that serious?
Yes. Unfortunately, it's so
complicated...
there wasn't a doctor anywhere
in the country who was able to
cure her of it.
So that's why a famous foreign
doctor is doing the surgery,
which may sound great, but...
Hey, Mako, who's Misa anyway?
Oh, she's a little girl staying
at the hospital where Ami's mom
works.
Ami goes to visit
her a lot.
And she apparently loves the
Three Lights, so she's got
good taste.
Oh.
The sad thing is, Misa's
really terrified of the
surgery.
She's convinced that even if
she has it done, she's not
going to end up surviving it.
So my goal is to help Misa
build up her courage before
the surgery.
I thought of giving her some
kind of present, but I'm not
really sure what to get.
Hey, I have an idea. She's a
fan of the Three Lights,
right?
I know the perfect present to
help raise Misa's spirits!
Huh?
[devious chuckle]
[fan-girling]
I love you Seiya!
Yaten, you're so cute!
Taiki, smile!
[flinches]
Excuse me. Can you sign this?
No. Sorry, this is our personal
time so I have to refuse.
I'd appreciate if you'd stop
asking us for things now.
Yeah, what he said.
Bye!
Man, those girls got pretty
out of control, didn't they?
That's what happens when you
have "fans" who are only
interested in your appearance.
They're the same crazed people
who scream so loud...
they can't hear a word we say at
our concerts.
(Taiki) I'll bet you anything
they've never really even
listened to our music.
Kinda seems like you're a in a
bad mood today, Taiki. Something
happen?
No. Nothing.
Isn't there anyone who truly
understands the message we're
trying to convey in our lyrics?
Hey, Taiki!
Usagi.
Good morning! Oh! It's good
that you're all together.
Soooo, would you guys mind
going somewhere after school
with me? Pretty please?
Huh?
[giggles]
Oh?
[giggling]
Uh, Usagi? Can I take this off
now?
Hm?
(Misa) Come in.
Hello, Misa.
Hi! Nice to meet you! I'm
Usagi!
Um, hello.
Hey, you know what?
Usagi and I actually brought a
very special guest with us to
see you today.
Huh?
(Usagi) Just close your eyes for
a bit.
(Usagi) Okay! Go ahead and open
them now!
Uh?
Nice to meet you, Misa.
[speechless] Um.
Thank you for being such a big
fan of the Three Lights.
(Misa) [breathless]
No, I should thank you, for
coming here to visit me. Oh,
wow, I shook hands with Taiki.
I'm glad you're happy.
Usagi's the one who managed to
convince Taiki to come here
with us.
Well, I really wanted to bring
all three of them, but the
other two managed to get away.
Seiya and Yaten can be
real sneaky.
I bet it would really make her
day if you signed something
for her while you're here.
Uh, I would prefer not to.
No problem, then how about I
take a photo of the two of you
together?
[annoyed] Usagi. I'm serious,
that's enough. Please stop.
Let's see. Oh, I know! [giggles]
Why don't you sing a little
song for her, Taiki, come on.
I said stop!
Huh?
Forgive me.
But I didn't come here today
intending to perform idol
duties.
So I won't be doing
song requests.
Well, just meeting you is
enough to make me happy.
Misa, why don't you do something
nice for Taiki before he leaves,
like show him your drawing?
[gasps] No! No way!
Oh? What'd you draw, Misa?
She hasn't shown it to me, so
I'm pretty curious too.
Later! I'm not finished, yet.
I hope you'll show it to me
when you're feeling better
after your surgery.
I'm warning you though, I tend
to be very critical when it
comes to art.
[giggles]
Sorry. I guess I kinda went
overboard in there, huh?
You know Usagi, I was really
hoping that you were different
from the rest of our noisy fans.
But I was wrong.
Huh?
♪♪ Search for your love. I
call up to the heavens. ♪♪
♪♪ Search for your love. To take
away your sadness. ♪♪
♪♪ Search for your love.
Hurry back to me. ♪♪
Hm?
[gasps]
Princess, why won't you
respond to us?
We're singing as loud as we
can. Aren't our songs reaching
you?
(Director) Great work today!
(Producer) Hey, that's a wrap
everybody!
(Seiya) Hey, Taiki!
What the heck has gotten into
you today? You kept missing
notes and got lyrics wrong.
You don't usually make
mistakes. Did something
happen?
Forgive me. I guess I'm just a
bit tired.
Well, pull it together cause
we've got another show
tomorrow!
(Misa) Taiki, I don't think I
can draw anymore.
[grunts]
[gasps] Misa!
Cancel it? Are you serious?!
Hey! You didn't have to hit
him, Seiya!
[grunts]
You can't suddenly cancel a
concert at the last minute!
Did you forget that we're
singing for our Princess?
This isn't a game! It's not
something we can just quit!
Look, I already told you that
I'm not feeling well today.
If I sing while feeling like
this, then I don't think our
words will reach the Princess.
It'd be a waste of time.
Stop being so selfish!
We've all been tired before, but
that never stopped us from
giving it our all!
He's right!
We've gotta keep pushing
through, hoping the message in
our songs will reach her soon.
Forgive me, but I just don't
have it in me today.
Taiki!
Princess.
You must know we're here. So
why won't you appear before
us?
Where are you right now? Just
give us a sign.
[heavy breathing] Taiki!
[panting] It's Misa!
She collapsed! You have to
come quickly!
[gasps]
Hm?
[sighs]
Misa.
[grunts] I can't...
What was that?
I... can't draw anymore...
Hmph.
[gasps]
[gasps] This is...
(Taiki) This is our Princess!
(Misa) When I hear the Three
Lights sing...
...her image shows up inside my
head.
I feel a warm, fuzzy feeling
in my heart whenever it
happens.
So, when you hear our songs,
this woman she suddenly
appears to you?
Yes. But lately they don't
work.
What?
The lady just stopped
appearing.
So I can't draw her.
[gasps]
We always give it our all no
matter how exhausted we are!
He's right!
We've gotta keep pushing
through, hoping the message in
our songs will reach her soon.
Seiya and Yaten were right.
(Taiki) Our songs were reaching
people. Maybe not everyone, but
at least this little girl.
But I was so full of doubt, I
wouldn't allow myself to see
it.
I'm scared.
[gasps]
Taiki, I don't wanna die.
You won't. Because you're
going to survive this surgery,
and come out better than ever.
(Taiki) But only if you truly
believe it!
[gasps]
(Taiki) So, have faith, Misa. Do
all you can to make your wish
come true.
[giggles]
Excuse us. We have to move her
over to surgery now.
Good luck and thank you, Misa.
The next time you hear us
sing, I'll make sure that
woman appears to you again.
Taiki! Where are you going?
Now I have to fight my own
battle.
[speechless]
[cheers/screams]
Hey guys, bad news.
(Seiya) Unfortunately, Taiki...
[cheers/screams]
...takes too long in the
bathroom.
[cheers/screams]
[smiles]
You seriously couldn't come up
with a better excuse than that?
You're ruining my public image,
Seiya.
Hey, that's what you get.
[chuckles]
Now! Let's hit it!
♪♪ Search for your love. ♪♪
Misa. Tonight, I dedicate my
singing to you.
Hang in there.
♪♪ You'd always shine so
bright. Just like a little star.
♪♪
♪♪ I felt my heart ignite,
every time you'd smile. ♪♪
What happened?
We still haven't heard from
the doctor.
[gasps]
We've been expecting you,
Doctor.
I'm sorry I'm so late. The
traffic getting here was the
worst I've ever seen.
Oh, don't worry. I know a
shortcut to get to the
operating room.
(Doctor) [scream]
Did you hear that?!
All right, Usagi! Let's
transform!
Hm.
(Usagi) Moon Eternal
Make Up!
(Ami) Mercury Crystal
Power Make Up!
(Reiko Aya) [sighs]
It faded. What a shame.
(Sailor Mercury) Hold it right
there!
What?
How dare you attack a doctor
within the sacred grounds of a
hospital! It's unforgivable!
I am the Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and for
intelligence!
I am Sailor Mercury!
And I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
we'll punish you!
Oh my. I'll just leave it up
to you to entertain our
guests, Mr. Sailor Doctor.
[sinister chuckle] Time for
your shots!
Ew! Creepy!
Well then, I'll be leaving
now.
No, wait!
Aww, you're ill. Let me give you
an injection.
Yeah? What part of me is sick,
you weirdo?!
Hmm. Ooh! [creepy chuckle]
Why, everything, of course!
Now, about that injection!
[groans] I hate needles!
Come on! Hold still!
[scared] Please help me,
Mercury!
It won't hurt, I promise!
Get it together, Sailor Moon!
[grunts]
Mercury Aqua Rhapsody!
Huh?! [screams]
Sailor Moon! It's your turn!
[grunts] You got it!
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[grunting] Beautiful!
[sighs]
Scalpel.
Hmm.
Hear my prayers. Please, save
Misa.
Hm? [gasps]
[happy gasp]
[gasps]
[nervous breathing]
[relieved sighs] Hooray!
Oh, thank you, doctor!
Misa's small, but resilient. I
could tell she was fighting
hard to stay alive.
(Doctor) Her strong will is the
reason this extremely difficult
surgery went so smoothly.
[giggling]
(Doctor) I may be the one who
performed the surgery.
But it wouldn't have gone quite
as well without the power of the
patient's will to live.
I could sense her desire to
overcome her illness.
You know it's thanks to you...
that Misa was able to find the
strength to make it through her
surgery.
No, she's the one who helped
me find strength.
(Taiki) Misa gave me the
encouragement that helped me get
back on my feet.
Hey Taiki! Misa wants to tell
you something.
Well, better get over to your
little girlfriend. Go on!
(Taiki) [grunts]
[chuckles]
Um, my drawing. It's done, so,
will you come see it sometime?
Sure.
(Usagi) You home, Chibi-Chibi?
[gasps] Candy!
(Chibi-Chibi) Chibi-Chibi.
(Usagi) Wait, these are for me?
Thanks! But where are you
getting these candies from
anyway?
(Chibi-Chibi) Chibi-Chibi.
(Usagi) Is it from a land of
candy?
(Chibi-Chibi) Chibi-Chibi.
(Usagi) This is going nowhere.
(Chibi-Chibi) Nowhere!
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Chibi-Chibi's Mystery:
The Big Noisy Chase."
The moonlight is a messenger
of love.